Google Sheet - https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/17G2ZsGTNCROrU6SYhpL9S83nH1RgprBWWP3mh1xsTCc/edit?usp=sharing

-------------------

JD 1
Good knowledge of SQL and related databases, with a preference for those with MySQL experience.
Proficiency in Python, Django Programing Language
Empowered with Software engineering knowledge.
Basic familiarity with mobile telecommunication networks, their architecture and mechanisms and Development experience on this would be a definite plus
Primary Competence Domain (Software development).

JD 2
At least 5 or more years’ experience in developing automated scripts, preferably Serenity, Playwright, or Protractor; 
Hands-on knowledge in one or more programming languages is a must and preferably Python, JavaScript, or TypeScript. Demonstrates knowledge of continuous integration concepts and tools (e.g Jenkins, Bamboo, etc.); 
Ability to develop complex automated flows using suitable data structures, conditions, loops, whilst applying strong analytical skills with attention to detail; 
Exposure to testing frameworks like Pytest, Mocha, Protractor, Serenity and framework design patterns such as Page Object Model; 
Experience with tools for testing and testing support including Sharepoint, Confluence, JIRA and Xray.

JD 3
Minimum of 8 to 12 years of experience in Automation Testing .NET
1+ year of relevant leadership experience
Strong testing basics test process, design techniques, defect management & methodology
Experience in working in agile model, with Insprint automation preferred
Proficient in C# programming
Hands-on experience in implementing API (RestSharp) and UI (Selenium) Automation using C#
Familiarity with TestNG, NUnit/MSUnit, BDD-Specflow
Exposure and experience to Design patterns like Singleton, page object, factory
Experience in automated test suite integration with Continuous integration (Jenkins/Bamboo)
Strong organizational and problem-solving skills with great attention to detail, critical thinking, solid communication
B2+ English level proficiency

JD 4
5-8 years of experience in QA/testing or application development
Knowledge of Database and ETL testing
Strong skills of Essential technologies: SQL scripting, PL/SQL
Proficiency in writing complex and automated SQL scripts
ETL Testing from various feeds on server (S3, SQL ,HIVE, Data Bricks, Snow Flake) using different testing strategy to ensure the data quality and data consistency, timeliness
Proficiency with preparing the test plan and ensure that test plans get reviewed by all stakeholders and strong in peer reviews.
Hadoop & Big Data Concepts and Data validation on HIVE tables skills
Strong skills in any Programmatic Language (Python /Java preferred)
Proficiency in API Testing
Experience in automation, automation frameworks and automation delivery preferred
Knowledge of software development lifecycle (SDLC) methodologies like Agile, QA methodologies, defect management system, and documentation.
Experience with identifying and defining areas to calculate the overall risk to the project 
Ability to set Quality standards in various new testing technologies 
Excellent English communication skills, both written and verbal

JD 5
Strong expertise in performance testing tools like JMeter and K6
Proficiency in scripting and coding with languages such as Java and JavaScript
Hands-on experience with functional testing tools like Selenium and Playwright
Expertise in automation frameworks such as PRISM and Webdriver IO
Solid experience with API testing using tools like Postman
Proficiency in SQL for database-related testing and validations
Familiarity with testing frameworks and tools like TestNG, Mocha, Chai, WDIO, POM, Node.js, and Babel

JD 6
 Must be have experience in Ignition and Sepasoft SCADA.
• Experience with PLC Programming (e.g., Siemens, Allen-Bradley, ABB,RS-Logic 500,
RS-Logic 5000, TIA Portal, Automation Builder)
• Experience with SCADA software (Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition)
systems (Ignition, WinCC, FactoryTalkView, Proficy historian)
• Experience with Injection moulding, motion control systems and robotics
(Roboshot Link-i).
• Experience in HMI programming tools and software (e.g., Siemens, Allen-Bradley,
ABB).
• Experience in SCADA programming (e.g.,Ignition, WinCC, RSView, Proficy historian)
• Experience in Machine Connectivity(Fanuc , Siemens, ABB, Robots, CNC and IM
machines).
• Strong understanding of ISA-95 model, electrical and control system design
principles.
• Excellent problem-solving and troubleshooting skills.
• Effective communication and teamwork abilities.
• Knowledge of regulatory & safety standards and regulations (e.g., UL, CE, NFPA
70E, UL-508).
• Experience with industrial networking and communication protocols with IT/OT
connectivity.
• Experience with electrical switchgear and control instruments.
• Exposure on Electrical Panel Design: Design and develop electrical panel
components and select the right switchgears, power supplies, and control systems,
adhering to industry standards and best practices.
• Knowledge of advanced control algorithms and machine learning for automation.
• Knowledge of Project management skills.

JD 7
7+ years overall test experience developing and automating test cases.
Minimum 5 years software testing experience of UNIX or Linux client server applications, including testing application installation/configuration, trouble shooting and load/performance.
Experience in SIP, SS7(ISUP), TCAP and/or ENUM protocols.
Experience writing UNIX shell, Perl or Python scripts
Experience with software version control such as GIT and/or SVN.
Ability to create high level and detailed test plans and test reports.
Thorough understanding of test processes and ability to estimate task duration.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills

JD 8
Degree in Electronics/Electrical engineering or related field.
Strong background in configuring Substation Bay Controllers/Merging Units/ IEC61850 IED’s
Experience in Control Panel design (preferably as used in substation/power plant environments)
Strong background in Distributed Control Systems / Substation Automation
Experience in working with engineering tools such as AutoCAD, e-base, Microsoft Visio
Knowledge of industrial communication networks such as Profibus and Ethernet based protocols.
Understanding of fibre optic cabling systems
Understanding of LV cable sizing and distribution
Control & Protection Relay logics Design techniques
Experienced in developing electrical designs for industrial control systems.

JD 9
Minimum of 5 years’ experience in software quality assurance with a strong focus on automation testing.
Experience in developing and maintaining automated testing frameworks like Playwright, Cypress, or Selenium.
Experience testing REST APIs with automation tools such as: Postman, Swagger, etc.
Proficient in programming languages such as Java Script, Type Script or Python.
Experience with continuous integration tools like Jenkins or Gitlab.
Strong understanding of software QA methodologies, tools, and processes.
Excellent problem-solving skills and attention to detail.

JD 10
Query, CSS, HTML, and JavaScript
Strong proficiency in these core front-end technologies.
Experience working with DOM manipulation, event handling, and dynamic content.
Web Scraping Experience
Familiarity with tools and libraries for scraping, parsing, and automating interactions on dynamic websites.
Proven ability to handle captchas, rate limits, and frequent site changes.
Automation Mindset
You love scripting, automating, and finding clever ways to solve repetitive tasks at scale.
Knowledge of testing frameworks or writing test scripts is a plus.
Scrappy Problem Solver
You thrive in fast-paced environments, wear many hats comfortably, and tackle big challenges with minimal direction.
(Bonus) Browser Extension Know-How
Any previous experience building or maintaining browser extensions is a huge plus.

JD 11
1+ years of experience in building automations in any technology
1+ years of experience in SQL
Fluency in English is a must
Experience with Zapier is a plus
Experience with Freshdesk is a plus
Experience with APIs is a plus

JD 12
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field.
4+ years of experience in software testing and quality assurance.
Strong expertise in automation testing tools, particularly Selenium WebDriver.
Proficient in Java programming and familiar with Java testing frameworks (e.g., TestNG, JUnit).
Solid understanding of SQL for database testing and validation.
Experience with version control systems (e.g., Git) and CI/CD tools (e.g., Jenkins).
Familiarity with Agile methodologies and experience working in Agile teams.
Excellent analytical, problem-solving, and troubleshooting skills.
Experience with performance testing tools (e.g., JMeter).
Knowledge of API testing tools (e.g., Postman, RestAssured).
Certification in software testing (e.g., ISTQB, CSTE) is a plus.
Understanding of cloud testing strategies and tools.

JD 13
Experience: Minimum 3+ years of experience in software automation testing.
Technical Skills: Proficient in JavaScript, Python, or TypeScript. Should be well-versed in using Cypress for end-to-end testing of web applications. Hands-on experience with API testing and automation tools such as Postman and Rest-assured.
SQL Knowledge: Ability to create SQL queries to validate business rules and ensure data coverage.
Communication: Strong communication skills with a positive work attitude.
Education: Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or a related field.
Tools Experience: Experience with CI/CD tools like Jenkins and automated testing using Cypress.io. Familiarity with Git, Bitbucket, ClickUp, BrowserStack, TestRails, and React.js.

JD 14
7+ years overall test experience developing and automating test cases.
Minimum 5 years software testing experience of UNIX or Linux client server applications, including testing application installation/configuration, trouble shooting and load/performance.
Experience in SIP, SS7(ISUP), TCAP and/or ENUM protocols.
Experience writing UNIX shell, Perl or Python scripts
Experience with software version control such as GIT and/or SVN.
Ability to create high level and detailed test plans and test reports.
Thorough understanding of test processes and ability to estimate task duration.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills

JD 15
Knowledge of design principles and fundamentals of architecture
Understanding of performance engineering
Knowledge of quality processes and estimation techniques
Basic understanding of project domain
Ability to translate functional / nonfunctional requirements to systems requirements
Ability to design and code complex programs
Ability to write test cases and scenarios based on the specifications
Good understanding of SDLC and agile methodologies
Awareness of latest technologies and trends
Logical thinking and problem solving skills along with an ability to collaborate

JD 16
Bachelor’s Degree in IT, Business, Computer Science, or a related field
Software Quality Assurance professional with 5+ years' experience
Extensive experience with ETL concepts & technologies, Data migration testing, Data ware house testing and BI Reporting
Extensive experience in data automation using Python
High level of Proficiency in writing complex SQL queries in Azure data bricks from Business requirements to read data from source DB hosted in Azure and compare it with target DB
Proficiency in relational database models, SQL queries, XML data models
Extensive experience with software test automation tools and working in fast-paced Agile environments
Good knowledge of testing lifecycle processes
Experience with Atlassian tools (Jira and Confluence) and integrating them into automation testing frameworks
Good communication and presentation skills
Experience in Waterfall and Agile environments

JD 17
Experience with Azure Data Factory for pipeline execution and analysis
Experience with Azure Databricks to access data from Azure Data Lakes
Experience with Azure Notebooks
Experience with Cosmos DB
Experience in creating end-to-end CI/CD solutions using tools such as Azure DevOps, Docker, and containerization tools
ISTQB Certification.
Experience in the finance industry is highly desirable.

JD 18
Proven experience in QA automation testing with a focus on Selenium and Python.
Strong understanding of software development life cycle (SDLC) and Agile methodologies.
Experience with test automation frameworks and tools.
Solid programming skills in Python, with a background in scripting and automation.
Knowledge of web-based technologies, databases, and API testing.
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills with attention to detail.
Strong communication skills and ability to work collaboratively in a team environment.

JD 19
Proven experience in QA automation testing with a focus on Selenium and Python.
Strong understanding of software development life cycle (SDLC) and Agile methodologies.
Experience with test automation frameworks and tools.
Solid programming skills in Python, with a background in scripting and automation.
Knowledge of web-based technologies, databases, and API testing.
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills with attention to detail.
Strong communication skills and ability to work collaboratively in a team environment.

JD 20
Hands-on programming and architecture capabilities in Python or Java
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with the ability to translate business requirements into technical solutions.
Strong experience with statistical packages and machine learning libraries (e.g., R, Python scikit-learn, Spark MLlib)
Hands on experience with RDBMS, NoSQL.
Must have Experience in Cloud Platforms like AWS/AZURE/GCP
Good to have knowledge of ethical considerations and data privacy principles related to Generative AI, ensuring responsible and compliant integration within RPA solutions. .
Familiarity with process analysis and improvement methodologies.
Experience with technical documentation and workflow diagramming.
Proven experience in designing and implementing scalable, optimized and secure automation solutions for enterprise-level AI solutions.
Strong expertise in Generative AI technologies (RAG,LLM,AI Agent).
Advanced Python programming skills with expertise in (Good to have at least 1):
 Deep Learning frameworks (PyTorch/TensorFlow/Keras)
 ML libraries (scikitlearn/pandas/numpy)
 NLP libraries (spaCy/ NLTK/ Hugging Face Transformers)
 LLM frameworks (langchain/llamaindex)

JD 21
3 to 5 years of experience in Quality Engineering or related field.
Experience with Cypress / WebDriverIO / Playwright, preferably Cypress.
Experience with Mobile Automation using Appium or any other tool.
Experience with Working on any Automation Platform Cloud Provider like BrowserStack/Sauce Labs / LambdaTest.
Excellent communication and collaboration skills.
Knowledge in JavaScript and TypeScript programming languages
Exposure to Mobile Automation.
Exposure to AWS to strengthen our strategy on Cloud based Testing.

JD 22
Expert level in Automation testing using Selenium with C#, API automation using Rest Sharp and Specflow .
Expert in Mobile Automation using Appium
Experience in BDD/ Cucumber Framework
Experience of designing Automation Test strategies
Exposure of working in Azure Cloud Infrastructure (experience of working with applications using Azure functions, Azure APIM, Azure Service Bus and COSMOS DB)
Ability to design and develop automation framework that can be executed through CI/CD pipelines
Good understanding of the challenges of enterprise software development
Experience of working in Agile teams
Experience of the full software development lifecycle including analysis, design, implementation, testing and support
Experience of mentoring more junior Automation test engineers and directing/organising the work of team.

JD 23
Industry Experience: At least 5 years of experience in finance process automation projects 
Technology industry experience preferred; Experience working with SAAS companies (bonus) 
Finance Systems Knowledge: Strong understanding of finance systems with a proven ability to apply automation solutions to the finance eco-system 
Stakeholder Management: Experience in managing and working with stakeholders to collect business requirements and deliver desired outcomes 
Educational Background: Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration, Finance, Accounting, or a related field. 
Adaptability: Proven ability to thrive in fast-paced, dynamic environments, adapting to new challenges with ease 
Project Management: Capable of leading projects, ensuring engagement and meeting deadlines. 
Analytical Skills: Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with a focus on delivering practical and cost-effective solutions 
Detail-Oriented: High attention to detail with a commitment to continuous improvement and learning 
Communication Skills: Excellent written and verbal communication skills, coupled with solid organizational and planning abilities 
Dependability: Strong sense of urgency and results orientation, with a commitment to meeting goals and driving business value 

JD 24
Strong proficiency in Python for test automation for Web App based Automation. 
Hands-on experience with any Cloud based service. 
Familiarity with CI/CD tools and practices (e.g., Jenkins, GitLab CI/CD). 
Experience with testing frameworks and tools such as Selenium, PyTest, JUnit, etc. 
Knowledge of version control systems like Git. 
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. 
