JD 1
Undergraduate/Post graduate degree 
 8+ years of experience with RPA tools and process mining tools & OCR. Ideally 10+ yrs but not mandatory. Mandatory: Power Automate + Celonis+ Rossum Good to have: Blue Prism , Alteryx , Blue prism process Intelligence (BPPI), Interact 
 End-to-end delivery of at least 5 processes using Power Automate Desktop 
 Experience in full stack development with framework experience on– Django, React JS, Node JS and Bootstrap 
 Experience in advanced programming and Gen AI implementation using JavaScript, Python with expertise in vector embedding databases 
 Strong understanding of ITGC controls and payment wallet systems. Oversee the development and deployment of RPA solutions for digital wallets 
 High sense of ownership and growth mindset, ability to be self-directed 
 Establish robust RPA governance and strong control over bots ensuring high Bot utilization factor 
 Excellent communication skills and ability to influence peers and build strong relationships within Finance and cross-functionally 
 Advanced Excel skills 

 JD 2
 Professional with 3+ years of experience in UiPath RPA solutioning and development
UiPath Advanced Developer or Solution Architect Certification preferred; expert in UiPath standards, automation structures, and scalability
Proficient in workflow-based logic and adept with the RE-framework to build multi-bot architectures
Knowledge of OCR standards and tools such as Computer Vision, Document Understanding OR ABBYY
Expertise in automating processes within Order-to-Cash, Procure-to-Pay, Record-to-Report, and Applicant-to-Hire domains
Results-focused individual who is able to execute on mini-epics to automate manual processes whilst keeping business and systems partners informed and engaged
Skilled in debugging and exception handling within UiPath
Experienced in Agile project delivery, with familiarity in SQL, XML, and JSON databases
Experience in programming languages such as Python, C# or Java for writing scripts and algorithm
Good understanding of REST and SOAP APIs, including integrations with third-party applications like Boomi, Mulesoft, NetSuite, Coupa, SuccessFactors, and Salesforce
Good understanding in version control and deployment tools like GitHub and AWS
Strong communicator, capable of explaining technical details to cross-functional teams such as Legal, Security, Finance, and Internal Audit
BA/BS degree in Computer Science or 3+ years of equivalent practical experience

JD 3
Proven experience as an Automation Anywhere Developer or similar role
Strong knowledge of Automation Anywhere software, including A2019 or AA360
Proficiency in scripting languages such as Python, VBScript, or JavaScript
Experience with integrating Automation Anywhere with other systems (APIs, databases, etc.)
Certification in Automation Anywhere
Experience with other RPA tools (e.g., UiPath, Blue Prism, Power Automate)
Understanding of AI and machine learning concepts as they relate to RPA

JD 4
Exp - 4 yrs +
Hands on experience on RPA tools and cognitive platforms such as UiPath
Able to design technical specification documents for RPA Projects.
Deploy RPA components including bots, robots, development tools, code repositories and logging tools.
Support the launch and implementation of RPA solutions.
UiPath RPA Developer certifications preferred
Experience with Agile development methodology.

JD 5
Knowledge on RPA tools and cognitive platforms such as UiPath, Blue Prism, Automation Anywhere, UiPath knowledge is highly preferred. 
Fresher or 6 months experience in any of the programming languages like C/C++, Python, VB Script, Ruby, Java, JS, .NET. 
Basic programming knowledge on HTML, JavaScript . Knowledge of artificial intelligence and machine learning. 
Understanding of workflow-based logic. Strong attention to detail and analytical skills
Ability to present technical details to non-technical audiences. 
Excellent problem solving/analytical skills and complex troubleshooting method

JD 6
Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering/ IT/ Data Sciences/ Business Administration or related fields.
2-5 years of experience in UiPath.
UiPAth certification required.
Experience in real estate software MRI or Yardi a plus.
Ability to manage unattended bots preferred.
Ability to understand a business process based on a workflow diagram and to conceptualize it as an automated solution while using business analysis skills as needed.
Ability to be flexible, show initiative and respond quickly when situations change.
Ability to be a thought leader by listening to others, continuing your learning and development, and helping others.
Experience working with automation software (e.g., Automation Anywhere, Blue Prism, UiPath).
Experience with SQL server, queries, stored procedures, views, schema development.
Experience with other Microsoft development tools like, Power Apps, Power Automate and Flow a plus.
Excellent spoken and written communication.
Consulting experience is a plus.

JD 7
Atleast 2-3 years experience in UIPath and total 4-5 years of experience in Software development. 
Need foundation and advanced UIPath certification (official one, not the one from Udemy or similar institutes).
Expertise in Orchestrator, RE framework, AI center and document understanding is important.

JD 8
Experience in C, C++, Java, or .NET
Experience in scripting languages such as JavaScript, HTML, etc.
Experience in SQL or NoSQL
Basics of Machine Learning (ML) and Artificial Intelligence (AI)
Knowledge of workflow
Good logical, analytical, and problem-solving skills
Understand business process requirements & design
Work with business and technology teams to analyze and assess automation feasibility
Configure automation process as per Solution Design Document
Develop Codes to meet the defined design/solution approach
Ensure quality of coded components by performing end to end unit testing
Is able to work simultaneously on multiple RPA projects

JD 9
Develop, deploy and maintain tools on UiPath, SQL, HTML, Visual Studio
Maintain and upgrade existing solutions using UiPath, SQL, HTML, Visual Studio
Load & test tools and deliver best in class deliverables
Development and maintain RPA solutions that will help manage and support Service Line processes.

JD 10
Strong Problem-Solving and Analytical Skills Experience with one or more RPA technologies (e.g. UiPath, Automation Anywhere and Blue Prism)
At least 2 to 4 years of professional experience in programming (including scripting /coding), SQL and relational databases, and application development
Experience with Process Analysis, Design, and Implementation, Business and Technical requirements, Problem-Solving, and System(s) Testing, including UAT and Bug fixes
Should be able to Prioritize and manage Multiple Portfolios
Basic understanding of Lean Six Sigma process methodologies.

JD 11
Full development lifecycle including designing, developing, testing, and implementing RPA solutions including hands-on development and scripting experience. (.Net, Java, UiPath, API Restful integration, PowerShell, Python preferred).
Recommend and improve the use of service metrics to achieve and maintain efficiencies and quality deliverables as part of development.
Optimization and reuse of code / automations (Bot) where beneficial and foster a sharing / open relationship with the organization as appropriate.
Experience working with source code management and backlog toolchains including a documentation (GIT/hub, NuGet).
Experience of coding, peer-reviewing, and implementing attended, unattended and mixed RPA Solutions.

JD 12
UiPath Platform Mastery
Advanced skills in UiPath Studio, Orchestrator, and AI Fabric.
Experience in designing, developing, and deploying automation workflows.
Knowledge of integrating UiPath with third-party APIs and systems.
LLM (Large Language Model) Integration
Hands-on experience working with OpenAI, GPT-based models, or similar LLMs.
Proficiency in using APIs for LLMs to extract and process natural language data.
Experience integrating LLMs into UiPath workflows for decision-making and task execution.
Robotic Process Automation (RPA)
Knowledge of end-to-end RPA development lifecycle.
Experience in developing scalable and secure bots for business operations.
Understanding of robotic automation concepts and error handling mechanisms.
Programming Skills
Strong command of languages like Python, , or C# for custom script development.
Familiarity with JSON, XML, and RESTful APIs for data exchange and integrations.
AI/ML Familiarity
Basic understanding of AI and ML concepts to complement LLM functionalities.
Experience in automating data preparation for LLM training or fine-tuning.
Cloud and DevOps Knowledge
Familiarity with cloud platforms like Azure, AWS, or Google Cloud (specific to hosting LLMs or automation tools).
Knowledge of CI/CD pipelines for deploying automation workflows.

JD 13
Responsible for creating workflows and Data visualization
Needs Hands-on experience in RPA using UiPath in creating complex workflows and app development experience with expertise in working with multiple data source types Flat files, Databases, etc.
Other technical skills like C, C#, Visual Basic, JavaScript, MS Tools
Strong understanding of data structures or models
Good Data Analysis skills in identify different trends, patterns, and other data issues within the dataset.
Being proactive and engaged in bringing new ideas and solutions to our clients
Good Data Analysis Skills
Support project lead in the creation and ongoing refinement of an appropriately tailored RPA solution that provides the optimum platform for rapid and repeatable delivery of automated processes.
Develop and document RPA configuration best practices, configure new RPA processes and objects using core workflow principles that are efficient, well structured, maintainable and easy to understand.

JD 14
Design, develop, and implement RPA solutions using UiPath.
- Analyze business processes to identify and automate repetitive tasks.
- Maintain and enhance automation workflows, scripts, and documentation.
- Troubleshoot and resolve technical issues in automation processes.
- Ensure adherence to RPA best practices for efficiency and reliability.
- Collaborate with team members to continuously improve automation solutions.
Skills and Qualifications:
- Proficiency in UiPath for RPA development.
- Knowledge of MS Office, Python, and Power Automate.
- Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
- Excellent communication and teamwork abilities.

JD 15
Strong computer science foundational knowledge such as design principles, datatypes, collections (specifically DataTables), LINQ, regular expressions, and APIs.
Strong customer service skills.
Ability to handle multiple, competing priorities, and effectively juggle tasks.
Experience using UiPath, VB.NET, git, Azure DevOps, Excel, and Postman.

Must have skill - UiPath
7+ years of Hands-on experience on RPA tools and cognitive platforms such as UiPath
Work with Business Analysts, Scrum Masters, QA Analysts, Product Owners, and other cross-functional resources to define and deliver business impacting projects.
Work directly with stakeholders to capture business requirements and translate them into technical approaches and designs that can be implemented.
Design, develop, and test automation workflows.
Deploy RPA components including bots, development tools, code repositories and logging tools.
Support the launch and implementation of RPA solutions.
Collaborate with multiple team members to ensure proper implementation and integration of the solutions.
Support deployments or troubleshoot production issues outside of work hours and participate in an on-call rotation as-needed.

JD 16
Experience with RPA process implementation using Hands UiPath Studio, UiPath Orchestrator, Excel Automation, Browser Automation, Recorders, Email Automation, PDF Extraction, Document Understanding, Action Center, Selectors, Data Scraping, Screen Scrapping, API’s, Modern Activities.
Experience in Designing, Developing, Testing, support, and deployment of Bot’s using tools UiPath
Experience in structured Table and pattern - based Data Extraction in using Web Data Extraction and export the data to CSV, Debugging and identifying the errors by using Error Handling.
Expertise to work in RE-Framework.
Good Experience in Queue Management, Orchestrator, Recording Window & Web, debugging and Exception Handling.
Having good knowledge of Document Understanding to extract different Templates of Pdfs and Images and scanned Docs.
Work closely with the design team to identify project requirements and understand documents like SDD, TDD
Understand the business needs of the client and convert them into automated processes, supporting both the functional and the technical part of the requirements
Designing automated process solutions in accordance with the standard RPA design principles and conventions
Configuring new automated processes and objects using core workflow principles that are efficient, well structured, maintainable, and easy to understand.
Problem solving issues that arise in day to day running of automated processes and providing timely responses and solutions as required.
Working within project planning constraints, communicating any identified project risks and issues to the delivery/project manager accordingly and providing inputs to the change control process

RPA (UiPath) Development, Implementation, UAT, Bug fixes
Document Understanding AI Center, Action Center
Integration Services Process Mining Task Mining
Orchestrator (UiPath Cloud

JD 17
Master/Advanced Professional (A2019 or AA v11) certified RPA Developer
2. Must have worked on Task bot , Metabot & IQ bot development
3. Should be well versed with A2019 Control room operations
4. Experience in Web & Window application automation
5. Preparing & maintaining of PDD & SDD documents
6. Should be a self-starter with debugging & analytical skills
7. Experience in preparing RPA Unit test cases and testing RPA bots
8. Development knowledge on .Net, C# or Python or JAVA is a plus

JD 18
2+ years of programming experience and automation project deployment
Proficiency with RPA technologies (e.g., UiPath) and API development
Experience in designing technical specifications and working with databases
Knowledge of scripting languages (Python, JavaScript, VBScript) and Agile methodologies
Strong problem-solving, analytical and communication skills

JD 19
Ability to work independently, with a team, and with cross function teams.
Accepts the changes positively and help others to adapt to change.
Flexible to work nights and weekends, as per business needs.
Hands-on UiPath, Automation Anywhere & Power Automation and extensive overall knowledge with Robotics Process Automation (RPA).
Experience with scripting languages (PowerShell, Python etc.).
General knowledge of Automation of Terminal Legacy applications.
Demostrated ability in running attended and unattended bots.

JD 20
2+ Years of Knowledge of RPA and other automation tools (Kofax a plus)
2+ years’ experience in SQL Programming (SQL, PL/SQL)
2+ Years working with JavaScript, APIs, and HTML
1+ Years Java or Python Experience
Bachelor’s degree in Information Systems, Computer Science or the equivalent combination of education, training, or work-related experience
Ability to understand business requirements and convert them into enterprise-scale solution
Technical and business logic competences having the ability to solve Help Desk issues
Experience using Tickets management systems (ex. ServiceNow)
Excellent problem-solving and troubleshooting skills
Strong logical and organizational skills
Ability to independently identify, research, and resolve issues
A well-organized and self-directed individual who can work with a minimal amount of supervision
Ability to multi-task continuously

JD 21
5 to 7 years of hands-on experience with Blue Prism.
Proficient in programming languages like VBA , C#, .NET, Java, or Python.
Hands on experience in APIs integration using Blue Prism.
Knowledge of HTTP, REST, RESTful, and JSON API services in programming
Experience with OCR tools & SQL is a plus.
Proven track record in complete RPA project delivery in Production.

JD 22
Proven experience as an RPA developer, preferably with Microsoft Power Automate.
Strong understanding of business process workflows.
Experience with programming languages such as Python, Java, or .NET.
Knowledge of SQL and relational databases.
Excellent problem-solving and analytical skills.
Strong communication skills to interact with stakeholders and team members.
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field.
Experience with other RPA tools like UiPath or Blue Prism.
Familiarity with cloud services such as AWS or Azure.
Certification in RPA development or Microsoft Power Platform.

JD 23
2+ Years of Relevant experience in RPA technologies such as Automation Anywhere360 (Primary)
Experience in developing and deploying Robotics Process Automation (RPA) solutions using Automation Anywhere
Certification RPA Automation Anywhere AA360 (Advance / Master)
Involve in designing & development of bots
Ability to understand the business process and automate them to meet the requirements
Must be quick to adapt other RPA tools
Hands on experience with Automation Anywhere (AA360 / A2019) RPA tools
Good knowledge / Experience on IQ bot & SQL Database
Strong in problem solving, design principles and modular programming techniques

JD 24
Bachelor's degree in computer science, Engineering, or a related field.
4-5 years of hands-on experience in UIPath RPA development.
Proficient in UIPath Studio, Orchestrator, and other relevant tools.
Strong understanding of RPA concepts, workflow design, and best practices.
Experience in scripting languages such as VBScript or PowerShell.
Excellent problem-solving skills and attention to detail.
Effective communication skills and the ability to work collaboratively in a remote environment.
Proven ability to deliver high-quality automation solutions within established timelines.

JD 25
Min 2-4 years of experience in Automation delivery, esp. development and testing (UiPath)
Basic knowledge of other technologies like SQL, VB scripting, Java Scripting, Python etc.
Understanding long term stability and effectiveness of automation solutions
Extensive experience in the UiPath automation lifecycle
Extensive experience on Scrum / agile leading principles (preferably certified scrum master)
Experience in integrating different applications using web services or Rest APIs etc.
Experience on infrastructure models like VMs, Servers etc.
Strong written & verbal communication skills; ability to communicate information effectively to both technical and non-technical people
Professional certificate in Advanced RPA Developer (UiARD) is required.
Should be flexible, self-driven, detail oriented and shall deliver timely without reminders.

JD 26
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Engineering, Computer Science, or equivalent experience.
5+ years of relevant experience in application design and development.
Proven experience in RPA development (Automation Anywhere) with a minimum of 5 years working with the platform.
Proficiency in Python is mandatory, with knowledge of additional languages such as C#, . NET, or Java.
Proficiency in JavaScript, HTML, and CSS.
Strong experience with object-oriented development; Java is a plus.
1-2 years of experience with VB/VBA macros, PowerShell.
Proven track record of leading technical projects and mentoring junior developers.
Experience with SQL databases and web services.
Knowledge of debugging, performance optimization, and automation techniques.
Familiarity with Agile methodologies.
Automation Anywhere A360 certification is required; Business Analysis certification is a plus.
Experience with other RPA tools (e. g., UiPath) is beneficial.

JD 27
Graduate/Postgraduate in Computer Science/IT or equivalent Degree.
5+ years of experience in the IT industry with code development background.
Minimum of 2 years of experience in developing and implementing automation workflows in UiPath.
Strong technical skills on UiPath, and end to end UiPath Product Suite.
Understanding of workflow-based logic and hands on experience with RE-framework, Orchestration Framework and DU (Document Understanding) Framework.
Working Knowledge on Document Understanding, Computer Vision, AI Center and Action Center
Experience working with Mainframe Automation, SAP Automation or Citrix Automation is a plus.
Experience working with other RPA tools is a plus.
UiARD Certified are Preferred.
Excellent communication skills are a must.
Basic programming/Scripting knowledge on VBA/VB/java/C# script or equivalent is must (or any scripting language, python is a plus)
Knowledge in cognitive automation with OCR (Optical Character Recognition) tools, AI/ML skills is a plus.
Understanding UiPath Infrastructure requirements is a plus.
Experience Working with Test Suite, Apps, Insights is a plus.
Understanding Generative AI and new releases of UiPath is a plus.
Understanding of Cloud services like Azure/AWS/GCP is a plus.

